{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;
}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=3004}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww25300\viewh15700\viewkind1\viewscale75
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chukwuebuka  Chekwubechukwu  Omenife
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Lagos, Nigeria\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Email: checheomenife@gmail.com\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Phone: +2347048706774\

\f0\b Objective:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Dedicated and seasoned hospitality professional with 10 years of experience across various roles in the industry. Proven track record of delivering exceptional customer service and fostering customer-centric environments. Skilled in problem-solving, web development, and excel analytics. Eager to leverage expertise to contribute effectively as a Restaurant Supervisor.\

\f0\b Work Experience:
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Restaurant Supervisor
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Eko Hotels, Lagos, Nigeria\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2022 - Present\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0   \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spearhead daily operations of a high-volume restaurant, ensuring seamless service delivery and guest satisfaction.\cb1 \
\cb3 Train, mentor, and supervise staff to uphold service standards and exceed guest expectations.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implement strategies to optimize workflow and enhance efficiency, resulting in improved customer satisfaction scores.\cb1 \
\cb3 Utilize analytical skills to track key performance indicators and identify areas for improvement.\cb1 \
\cb3 Collaborate with management to develop and execute marketing initiatives to drive revenue growth.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Restaurant Supervisor
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mamma Italia, Dubai UAE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2021 - 2022\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Managed a team of restaurant staff, overseeing daily operations and ensuring adherence to quality standards.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implemented customer-focused initiatives to enhance the dining experience and foster customer loyalty.\cb1 \
\cb3 Utilized web development skills to update and maintain the restaurant's online presence, driving increased visibility and bookings.\cb1 \
\cb3 Analyzed sales data using Excel to identify trends and opportunities for revenue optimization.\cb1 \
\cb3 Resolved customer complaints promptly and effectively, maintaining a positive reputation for the establishment.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Server
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Margarita Ville Turks and Caicos Islands\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2019 - 2020\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Provided exceptional service to guests, ensuring their needs were met and exceeded during their dining experience.\cb1 \
\cb3 Collaborated with kitchen staff to ensure accurate order fulfillment and timely service delivery.\cb1 \
\cb3 Demonstrated strong problem-solving skills in handling challenging situations to ensure guest satisfaction.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Captain Waiter
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Address Hotel, Dubai UAE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2017 - 2019\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Led a team of waitstaff, coordinating their activities to ensure smooth service operations.\cb1 \
\cb3 Delivered personalized service to VIP guests, catering to their specific preferences and requirements.\cb1 \
\cb3 Maintained a high level of professionalism and attention to detail in all interactions with guests.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Waiter
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CheeseCakeFactory, Dubai UAE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2015 - 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 During my tenure as a waiter at CheeseCakeFactory  I was responsible for delivering high-quality customer service to ensure an exceptional dining experience. My duties included:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Greeting and seating guests courteously upon arrival.\cb1 \
\cb3 Presenting menus, providing recommendations, and taking accurate food and beverage orders.\cb1 \
\cb3 Efficiently relaying orders to the kitchen and bar staff, ensuring timely delivery of meals and drinks.\cb1 \
\cb3 Monitoring dining areas to anticipate and fulfill guests' needs, including refilling beverages and accommodating special requests.\cb1 \
\cb3 Handling payment transactions accurately and processing bills promptly.\cb1 \
\cb3 Maintaining cleanliness and organization of dining areas, including setting tables and resetting them after each guest's departure.\cb1 \
\cb3 Addressing customer inquiries, concerns, and complaints in a professional and courteous manner to achieve prompt resolution.\cb1 \
\cb3 Collaborating with team members to ensure smooth service operations and uphold restaurant standards.\cb1 \
\cb3 Adhering to health and safety regulations at all times to guarantee a safe dining environment for guests and staff.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 During my time in this role, I consistently received positive feedback from customers for my friendly demeanor, attention to detail, and ability to provide personalized service. Additionally, I actively contributed to enhancing the overall dining experience by suggesting menu improvements and participating in staff training initiatives.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Skills:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Exceptional customer service\cb1 \
\cb3 Customer-focused orientation\cb1 \
\cb3 Web development \cb1 \
\cb3 Excel analytics\cb1 \
\cb3 Problem-solving\cb1 \
\cb3 Tech enthusiast\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Education:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 HND Hospitality and Tourism Management Oko polytechnic\

\f0\b References:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Available upon request.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa960\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}